[bugfix] Fix the setup.py package installation script (#1341)
eth-cscs/reframe: docs/started.rst

     pip install reframe-hpc

  .. note::

>      The above method performs a bare installation of ReFrame, therefore, unittests and tutorial examples are not included.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     The above method performs a bare installation of ReFrame not including unittests and tutorial examples.
```

     eb easybuild/easyconfigs/r/ReFrame/ReFrame-VERSION.eb -r

.. note::

>     The above methods perform a bare installation of ReFrame, therefore, unittests and tutorial examples are not included.

Reviewer: I don't think that's true for the Spack installation. For sure it has the tutorial, because it installs it from Github.
